Stack shuffler: use mark-on-enqueue for bringUpTargetSlot (#16499)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

Language Features:

Compiler Features:

> * ViaIR Code Generator: Improve stack shuffler performance by fixing a BFS deduplication issue in ``bringUpTargetSlot``.

Reviewer: This is not in the codegen. Also, I don't think implementation details are relevant here (this is meant for users), just how it affects the operation of the compiler.

```suggestion
* Yul EVM Code Transform: Improve stack shuffler performance by fixing a BFS deduplication issue.
```

Author: how is it not in the codegen? :) it's the stack shuffler that is directly responsible for codegen. we just hit it sooner by proxy of the optimizer trying to compress the stack which in itself invokes codegen

Author: i've used your suggestion now but yeah, i guess i am a bit fuzzy on what precisely constitutes codegen

Reviewer: > i guess i am a bit fuzzy on what precisely constitutes codegen

I never noticed it until now, but you have a point here. We do seem to have two overlapping meanings for it, which makes things ambiguous. I guess you can refer to everything in the pipeline past analysis as "Yul codegen" or "IR-based code generator", but in the project it's most often used to describe specifically the Solidity AST->Yul transformation. We have more specific names for other parts (Yul->EVM transform, optimizer, bytecode generation) and we refer to the whole as a "code generation pipeline".

Perhaps we should introduce a new, more precise term, but I'm afraid this usage "Yul codegen" may be too entrenched by now. The way it's used e.g. in [Solidity IR-based Codegen Changes](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/develop/ir-breaking-changes.html) seems to adhere to the narrower scope. And the term is also how we refer to optimizations that happen in, well, Yul codegen :) We introduced that term in #14650 and it was my idea, but many people saw the PR, including Daniel and no one even said a word that it was wrong or ambiguous, so I assume the whole team shares that understanding of "codegen".

Author: Thanks for bringing it into context, it makes much more sense to me now!
